hey guys so I'm doing a tutorial today
on this look now hopefully you saw the
clip beforehand but this is what it
looks like anyway and for the eyeshadows
i'm using the coastal scents 88 ultra
shimmer eyeshadow palette i'll leave the
link to where you can buy this online
below as well as the way as well as the
website um alone down below so this is
what it looks like and i hope you guys
like this tutorial make sure you comment
below afterwards tell me what you think
and check out all my links in the bound
bar and i will see you very soon it's
believed there's something still alive
Oh provide it as it seemed like even
though the treasures in the world cannot
make you mine oh oh I have not missed
some were like this before oh I have
never been this late before oh I think
that I can't stay like this anymore but
even if it hurts I'll go do it all for
you I'm losing my mind I'm lost in your
eyes me and tight never woulda be found
again
again but if I find myself someday I
wish that I would
hug is that is where I've always wanted
to stay oh well I n mentor I'm jealous
of their of every guy I talked to and
when you across the room there's only
one thing on my mind and to hold you in
my arms intero I have not missed someone
like this before I have never been this
dolly before I think that I can't stand
like this and do it all for you my mine
I'm thought and your eyes inside enough
food to be found again found again but
if I find myself someday I wish that I
would and your heart is that is fair
I've always wanted to well you ever I
finish with my eyes I just want to let
you guys know that I'm wearing on my
cheeks oh so Fair beauty pattern from
the mac villains question that's what
that looks like and then on my lips I
have max Q lipstick I have max on the
scene lipglass and then I actually have
Maybelline's ultra lip gloss in 5-10
which is a red lip plumper and it adds
just a little bit of color if you use a
teeny bit I just did a teeny bit they
don't does he resented a bit a tidbit
okay so yes that is the tutorial